tell me what what kind of girls yes what
kind of girl am i I kind that knows how
to hide the bodies mom what do you
thankful for that I'm alive and I didn't
die not for long can't but what are you
thankful for I beg your pardon what are
you thankful for thanksgiving is that
the evolved Charmander heck yeah and bit
me that's what cats do they let you down
okay stick with the dog I'm more of a
bulbasaur girl but you took him soon
swine what what gosh why can't we play
beyblade you can't taunt me with all
these toys and then throw beyblades in
the ring and then non-tech blame him
what is the I'm 2000 okay good I have a
good hair at least that's nice oh that's
kind of cute you single hey go on sorry
they can do something yeah can you do
the splits like can you twerk like what
can you what oh yeah what'd you just say
I choose squirtle i choose you know
you're right I didn't I choose um pokey
thank you i don't you ask for room okay
well i choose pikachu i choose you don't
have to well I choose the evolved
Charmander oh yeah how beautiful charm
boy choose charmander then you get from
you after like you I had choice and it's
called humeans you only have one choice
that's true fireplace wait bomb big fire
thing that does come out of me sherlyn
Charmander use the jorenian whoa that's
journey Liam sooo sorry they tried under
fire blaze do it now yes see why did you
glance him oh I saw the glasses on no I
use he's covered in toilet paper oh my
can we play Candyland
I guess radio